concept/rules: state that a rule cannot be executed in parallel (#2573)
openhab/openhab-docs: concepts/rules.md

Other systems may have a concept of _Automations_, _Tasks_, and other terms.
In openHAB, rules are used to implement all of these concepts.

Rules can be executed, either when fired by their triggers, or when called explicitly - from a script, another rule, MainUI widget.
When a rule is fired by its trigger, the execution of one and the same rule does not happen in parallel.
If a rule is triggered for execution, while the rule is currently running, it will be queued and run later.

> When a rule is called explicitly - from a script, another rule with [`RuleManager.runNow()`](https://www.openhab.org/javadoc/latest/org/openhab/core/automation/rulemanager), from a MainUI widget, then this rule can be executed in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a rule is called explicitly - from a script, another rule with [`RuleManager.runNow()`](https://www.openhab.org/javadoc/latest/org/openhab/core/automation/rulemanager), or from a Main UI widget, then this rule can be executed in parallel.
```

Author: HTTP POST `/rest/rules/{rule-uid}/runnow/` also executes the rule extraordinary.  The lack of “or” is supposed to indicate that the list is not exclusive.

> When a rule is called explicitly - e.g. from a script, another rule with [`RuleManager.runNow()`](https://www.openhab.org/javadoc/latest/org/openhab/core/automation/rulemanager), or from a Main UI widget - then this rule can be executed in parallel.

Reviewer 2: In parallel with "anything", since it's run in using a "normal" thread pool instead of the reserved rule thread.
